dbt-materialize: dbt test to create materialized views (#1548)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/materialize-configs.md

## Performance optimizations

### Indexes
### Incremental models
Materialize, at its core, is a real-time database that delivers incremental view updates without ever compromising on latency or correctness.
Materialized views are incremental models, defined once. 

:::info Advanced feature

>   Manually creating indexes in Materialize is an advanced feature that most users **do not** need. See the [Materialize documentation](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-index/) for more details.

Reviewer: @ahelium any reason this line got dropped?

Author: We are re thinking indexes in Materialize - less advanced, more necessary. We will make sure our forthcoming docs know about this.

## Performance optimizations

### Incremental models
Materialize, at its core, is a real-time database that delivers incremental view updates without ever compromising on latency or correctness.
Materialized views are incremental models, defined once. 

### Indexes

> :::info Advanced feature

Reviewer 2: Since we're touching this page, could you remove this warning?

```

</File>

### Tests

<Changelog>

> - **v1.1.1:** Provide support for storing the results of a test query in a materialized view, using the `store_failures` config.

Reviewer: do you have this release change documented elsewhere? where's the "go-to" place for folks to catch up on changes in the releases?

Author: I'll sneak in a [reference]( https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/blob/main/misc/dbt-materialize/CHANGELOG.md.) on the next update.

```

</File>

### Tests

<Changelog>

> - **v1.1.1:** Provide support for storing the results of a test query in a materializedview using the store_failures config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **v1.1.1:** Provide support for storing the results of a test query in a materialized view, using the `store_failures` config.
```

</Changelog>

> If you set the optional `--store-failures` flag or [`store_failures` config](resource-configs/store_failures), dbt will create a materialized view using the test query. This view is a continuously updating representation of failures.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a short example?
